---
layout: post
title:  "intro"
date:   2021-04-30 18:00:00 -0500
categories: [intro]
tags: about intro
featured: true
sitemap:
  priority: 0.5
  changefreq: 'monthly'
  lastmod: 2021-04-30
  exclude: 'no'
---

I am currently available for senior analyst, consultant, manager roles in workforce analytics, organization transformation, and organization design.

I am also available to consult related to methods and advanced statistics on program evaluation projects for and across the public, private, and government sectors.

My current mission is to use skills in consulting, evaluation, and workforce analytics to assist with the targeted implementation of infrastructure projects that promote social cohesion.

- Primary skillsets: statistics (including machine learning), social science research methods, and management consulting.
- My technical skills span from the lowest levels of programming and prototyping (e.g. C, C++, R) to analytics products that aid in workforce projects and operations (e.g. OrgVue, Tableau, PowerBI, Gartner Talent Neuron, Polinode). I have assisted several vendors over the years with bug reports, coding errors, and software testing.
- I have used several change management tools over the years in both Lean and Agile, from the software development side (SCRUM) to the compliance side (ITIL) of management. I do not have a current change management or project management certification, although I have successfully inhabited those roles in the past.
- I know PowerPoint inside and out for executive-level presentation, although a good whiteboard with sticky notes works wonders especially with a technical or change management crowd.
